even the largest is back in NRW, it's all about the circus Groener
For a few days the circus celebrated its centenary and that indeed
Topics Cologne 54 artists from 14 nations are printing with their cars
Performances and it is faster cs5 of its founders and reflects that the
other Jose then they have the kings dictated they visited
These are Chiara around 5 5 2 of the 14 lions with whom Martin Lacey daily in the
Manege appearance
The world's best animal trainer has been awarded several times for his work
last with the golden clown also in Monaco not without reason spend lets
She has every free minute with his transport
it is not a job that is his life
and if that from 97 to
Vettel's lead before or after
so it's about I'm always there both would have counted
she grew up living in a tamer family and knows how to handle them
with the big cats
Even from childhood, von Klein has trained himself on each of his lions
healthy respect for his animals had been preserved
i can do my cd as well
and I grew up advising he is like that
the swiss have a headache or abdominal pain
I know him quite well "so is exactly what I have to come name fun
Stay away the tamer meets all his preparations for the daily
Even before the performances, he goes to see his protégés and
only then does he look after himself for his show 40
completely is very important work he is good
and if not why
and around
highly concentrated in the manege, pay close attention to every single one of them
Look is the white lion King Tonga
one of only 37 copies worldwide the only one in a circus tent
The Circus Crown is proud of the Lion Tamer of the daily up to 450
It captivates spectators
Of course we are very proud that he has been here for over 8 years
in our program appearance
and just this big one
about how big gaps Tropez presents itself here in the future
who besides the lions also breathtaking acrobatics this piece of games or
would like to see more animals
He has until the fourth of October in Cologne has the opportunity
the Ranger Bayern at the public
The interest in Cologne-Deutz and it was important exciting for our there
father